Day 5

  i was learned something about html tags and web designing, finally i finished my task today it was adding to numbers with using redirect from orginal files. i was learned new concepts called storages in web pages that was localstorage,cookie and sessionstorage, i have faced lot challenges in git up pusig and finally it was solved by george, i learned about ssh key and token kry in the git up, finally i pushed into git up sucessfully.   
i was learned some basic cent os terminal command. for example chmod — Use chmod to make a file executable and to change the permissions granted to it in Linux. hostname — Use hostname to know your name in your host or network. Basically, it displays your hostname and IP address. ping — Use ping to check your connection to a server. "Ping is a computer network administration software utility used to test the reachability of a host on an Internet Protocol (IP) network". And some tips and tricks i was learned, You can use the clear command to clear the terminal if it gets filled up with too many commands.TAB can be used to fill up in terminal. For example, You just need to type “cd Doc” and then TAB and the terminal fills the rest up and makes it “cd Documents”.Ctrl+C can be used to stop any command in terminal safely. If it doesn't stop with that, then Ctrl+Z can be used to force stop it. You can exit from the terminal by using the exit command. You can exit from the terminal by using the exit command. 

today i was started node js, in this topic i covered what are the basics in node js and overview of node, and history of nodejs, who and who are not uses the node js. and i started methods in node , there are get and post methods, The HTTP GET method requests a representation of the specified resource. Requests using GET should only be used to request data (they shouldn't include data).POST is a request method supported by HTTP used by the World Wide Web. The HTTP POST method sends data to the server. The type of the body of the request is indicated by the Content-Type header. We use Express.js in order to create a server and to make requests (GET, POST, etc). finally something about md files and problem solving, especially how to solve the problems in real time situations.      
