Day 7

   I was learned new concepts in express in node js, xpress provides a built-in middleware express.static to serve static files, such as images, CSS, JavaScript, etc.You simply need to pass the name of the directory where you keep your static assets, to the express.static middleware to start serving the files directly. For example, if you keep your images, CSS, and JavaScript files in a directory named public, you can do this −
app.use(express.static('public')); We have seen a basic application which serves HTTP request for the homepage. Routing refers to determining how an application responds to a client request to a particular endpoint, which is a URI (or path) and a specific HTTP request method (GET, POST, and so on).
Here is a simple example which passes two values using HTML FORM GET method. We are going to use process_get router inside server.js to handle this input.Firebase is a Backend-as-a-Service (Baas). It provides developers with a variety of tools and services to help them develop quality apps, grow their user base, and earn profit. It is built on Google’s infrastructure. Firebase is categorized as a NoSQL database program, which stores data in JSON-like documents. It supports authentication using passwords, phone numbers, Google, Facebook, Twitter, and more. The Firebase Authentication (SDK) can be used to manually integrate one or more sign-in methods into an app,Data is synced across all clients in realtime and remains available even when an app goes offline. Firebase Hosting provides fast hosting for a web app; content is cached into content delivery networks worldwide. The application is tested on virtual and physical devices located in Google’s data centers.Next i learned truth table from proposition. the logical and , logical or and logical not, i got some basic idea about implication in proposition,and als i learned some basic idea about biconditional statements in propositions, we made solution to gowshisk given problems its about proposition truth tables.finally i learned <div> html tags,The <div> tag defines a division or a section in an HTML document. The <div> tag is used as a container for HTML elements - which is then styled with CSS or manipulated with JavaScript. The <div> tag is easily styled by using the class or id attribute. Any sort of content can be put inside the <div> tag.  
The CSS border properties allow you to specify the style, width, and color of an element's border.The border-width property specifies the width of the four borders.The width can be set as a specific size (in px, pt, cm, em, etc) or by using one of the three pre-defined values: thin, medium, or thick.The CSS margin properties are used to create space around elements, outside of any defined borders. With CSS, you have full control over the margins. There are properties for setting the margin for each side of an element (top, right, bottom, and left).
