internship day 2 (23/02/22)
 
        Today morning i learned new concepts in html, i was suggested by george ,Its about html tags like <a> , <h>, <br>, <b>. 
after thati learned some terminal commands for example basic commands. I learned basic Commands pwd — When you first open the terminal,
you are in the home directory of your user. To know which directory you are in, you can use the “pwd” command. It gives us the absolute path,
which means the path that starts from the root. cd — Use the "cd" command to go to a directory. For example, if you are in the home folder, 
and you want to go to the downloads folder, then you can type in “cd Downloads”.mkdir & rmdir — Use the mkdir command when you need 
to create a folder or a directory. For example,if you want to make a directory called “DIY”, then you can type “mkdir DIY”. 
Touch — The touch command is used to create a file. It can be anything, from an empty txt file to an empty zip file.  man & --help — To
know more about a command and how to use it, use the man command. It shows the manual pages of the command. cp — Use the cp command to copy
files through the command line. It takes two arguments: The first is the location of the file to be copied, the second is where to copy.
mv — Use the mv command to move files through the command line. We can also use the mv command to rename a file. mv — Use the mv command 
to move files through the command line. We can also use the mv command to rename a file.I learned Intermediate Commands The "echo" command 
helps us move some data, usually text into a file. cat — Use the cat command to display the contents of a file. It is usually used to easily 
view programs. sudo — A widely used command in the Linux command line, sudo stands for "SuperUser Do". finally i learned problems solving 
concepts. its about how to understand the problems and how to solve the problems. And finally i learned vim concepts, its about how to open
the vim and how create a file, finally i solved the geogre given problem which about add two numbers from html by using js. 